Add redirects, sitemaps, and limits topics (#944)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/merchants/edge-delivery-services/index.mdx

---
title: Edge Delivery Services
description: Learn about Edge Delivery Services features for merchants, including scheduling, redirects, sitemaps, and file and content limits.
---

import CardGrid from '@components/CardGrid.astro';
import Link from '@components/Link.astro';
import LinkCard from '@components/LinkCard.astro';

> Edge Delivery Services is Adobe's content delivery platform that powers your Commerce storefront. It delivers fast page load speeds, high Lighthouse scores, and an authoring experience built on <Link href="https://da.live" text="Document Authoring" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edge Delivery Services is the Adobe content delivery platform that powers your Commerce storefront. It delivers fast page load speeds, high Lighthouse scores, and an authoring experience built on <Link href="https://da.live" text="Document Authoring" />.
```
